= eu_central_bank

== Introduction

This gem downloads the exchange rates from the European Central Bank. You can calculate exchange rates with it. It is compatible with the money gem.

== Installation

 $ gem install eu_central_bank

== Dependencies

* nokogiri
* money

== Usage

With the gem, you do not need to manually add exchange rates. Calling update_rates will download the rates from the European Central Bank. The API is the same as the money gem. Feel free to use Money objects with the bank.

  eu_bank = EuCentralBank.new
  Money.default_bank = eu_bank
  money1 = Money.new(10)
  money1.bank # eu_bank

  # call this before calculating exchange rates
  # this will download the rates from ECB
  eu_bank.update_rates

  # exchange 100 CAD to USD
  # API is the same as the money gem
  eu_bank.exchange(100, "CAD", "USD") # 124
  Money.us_dollar(100).exchange_to("CAD")  # Money.ca_dollar(124)

For performance reasons, you may prefer to read from a file instead. Furthermore, ECB publishes their rates daily. It makes sense to save the rates in a file to read from.

  # saves the rates in a specified location
  eu_bank.save_rates("/some/file/location/exchange_rates.xml")

  # reads the rates from the specified location
  eu_bank.update_rates("/some/file/location/exchange_rates.xml")

  # exchange 100 CAD to USD as usual
  eu_bank.exchange(100, "CAD", "USD") # 124

== Note on Patches/Pull Requests
 
* Fork the project.
* Make your feature addition or bug fix.
* Add tests for it. This is important so I don't break it in a
  future version unintentionally.
* Commit, do not mess with rakefile, version, or history.
  (if you want to have your own version, that is fine but bump version in a commit by itself I can ignore when I pull)

== Copyright

Copyright (c) 2010 Wong Liang Zan. See LICENSE for details.
